Welcome back.
Let's try something fun.
What happens if we keep calling functions nested inside of each other over and over and over.
We saw in the previous video with they calculate function if you call calculate line 10 then line eleven
then line 13.
This stack is going to get pushed on and then popped off pushed on and then popped off.
But what if we have functions that are nested inside of each other so that we keep growing this stack
until it gets larger and larger and larger and larger and larger until we can't do it anymore.
Well that's called Stack Overflow.
Just like the name of a very popular Web site for developers and programmers and Stack Overflow can
be caused very easily.
Let's have a look.
All we need to do is create a function let's call it Inception and this function will just call itself.
I know that looks confusing.
And what we're using here is something called recursion and recursion is a function calling itself.
There are some cases where things like this recursion is quite useful but that's something beyond the
scope of this course and it's something I teach in my other courses for data structures and algorithms
but recursion is one of the most common ways to create a stack overflow or a lot of functions nested
inside of each other to create that stack that keeps growing and growing and growing.
In this case if I run inception it's going to keep adding things onto the stack more and more and more.
So what do you think happens if I run this.
Well I get a maximum call stack size exceed it.
We actually get a stack frame of what the error is at each entry.
The State of the stack also called the stack frame is shown if at any function produces an error though
javascript is going to print this stack trace which is simply a snapshot of code execution at this stack
frame and you see over here that I'm calling Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception.
So the same function is being called and I get an error.
Now back in the day with Chrome it wouldn't give you this error and the browser will eventually just
crash.
But in order to prevent the browser from crashing if it reaches a limit it's going to print out this
error saying hey you've just created a stack overflow.
How cool is that.
All right.
So that's one way to cause problem with our call stack.
That is one of two places that are javascript and Jim works.
But what about the memory heap.
Is there a way to do something like this with the memory heap.
Well let's find out in the next video.